Update chickenshock and finitequiz frontend manuals (#175)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/architecture/chickenshock/README.md

# Architecture of Chickenshock

> Chickenshock is a minigame which is part of the Gamify-IT platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Purpose

Chickenshock is a minigame that is part of the Gamify-IT platform.
```
